Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I don't think you want
to go into that part of town,
not alone.
I'll go with you, Joe,
if you want.
- What do you think?
- Sounds good.
- Yeah, for real?
- Very natural.
Yeah, I think I'm gonna
get this one, I really do.
You know, I feel like
it was written for me.
I mean, with Eddie Burns
producing...
I mean, the guy knows me
from back in the day.
You sure that's
a good thing?
Don't listen to him, Johnny,
I love the positivity.
- Yeah, thanks, Vince.
- Look, you do sound good, Drama,
but I wouldn't count on Eddie Burns
knowing you. You should focus.
You're right,
you're right.
Focused. Like a laser.
No. No. Okay, sorry.
Ari Gold's office.
No, n...
Can I ask you
to hold please?
What's up?
You look like hell.
The phones have been
ringing off the hook.
Everyone knows that
you took the new space.
They're asking me
if we're a new major.
Terrance signed the papers.
It doesn't matter.
Just deny deny deny.
It'll all be over soon.
You know I don't
like to lie, Ari.
Lloyd, be a man.
Or as much of a man as you can possibly
be for God fuckin' sakes.
Now what's up
this morning?
- Vince and the boys are on their way.
- It's gonna be a good day.
A good day, Lloyd.
I can feel it.
Ari Gold's office. No, I haven't heard
anything about that.
No, I don't know
I'll be here.
You gonna make me
hang up there alone?
Sorry, bro.
Audition's at 3:00.
- I'm a laser.
- You're a retard, but okay.
No, that is so not true.
So not true!
You guys can go right in.
Ari Gold's office, please hold.
I'll be out here
all alone.
What's going on out there, Ari?
You having a telethon?
Yeah, E. Raising cash
for the subordinates of movie stars
who can't fend
for themselves.
- Hardee-har-har.
- What's the big surprise, Ari?
- Wow, getting right to it, huh, Vin?
- Last time you surprised me,
I was fired, so naturally
I'm a bit anxious.
Okay, here it is,
you remember "Queens Boulevard"
that was supposed to be
released on six screens,
so NYU students had something
to do on a Friday night?
Turns out the studio has
decided to push the release.
- Why?
- What the fuck?!
Because they want
to release it wide
on 1,200 motherfuckin'
screens! Boom!
Turns out E's lucky pick
has been testing through the roof
- and with the success of "Aquaman"...
- Two for two!
It gets better. The Hollywood Foreign
Press wants to sit down with you,
to discuss everything "QB," wanna have
a press conference this afternoon.
Jesus, give me
a little less notice.
When the Hollywood
Foreign Press calls,
you run, Vinnie, okay?
Will you be there?
- I'll be there...
- Will you do something for me?
Will you smile? Will you look happy?
Will you look cooperative?
Well, what exactly does
cooperative look like?
Vin, we need this.
We want people to forget about
the fact that you just got fired.
Will you smile?
Oh, hey, Eddie.
It's great
to see you too.
Me?
Thanks, yeah,
things are great, just great.
Life is just so amazing,
isn't it?
What the hell?
Uh, maybe you didn't notice,
but I'm sitting in the car.
I noticed.
Obviously, you didn't notice
the meter needed feeding.
What, no heads-up?
No tap on the window?
Sorry, pal.
The meter's red...
the car is dead.
Civil servant?
What the fuck is civil about not giving
a guy a warning? It's anti-American.
I think that's in
the Bill of Rights.
The point is, this isn't
Communist Russia.
Communist Russia isn't Communist
Russia anymore either, Drama.
You wanna fuckin' start, E?!
Johnny, relax,
I'll pay for the ticket.
That's not the point, Vince,
it's the principle.
A guy should be able
to sit in his own car on a public street
without being
unjustly harassed.
- What are you doing?
- I'm gonna fight for my rights.
I'm gonna go down there, I'm gonna make
that guy's day a living hell.
I thought you were a laser.
- This won't affect me. You in?
Forget about him.
Come on,
you're nervous.
You always get uptight
when you have something big.
You don't have to be.
You can get this if you stay focused.
- Yeah, you're right.
- Right?
Yeah. You're right, bro.
Thanks.
All right, Turtle,
let's go get a cup of coffee,
start heading west so I'm not late.
Thanks, Vince!
- You betcha.
- Hey, good luck, Drama.
Thanks, E.
- See how calming I can be?
- Yeah, very impressive.
- Now, what should we do?
- Call Walsh, let's celebrate.
- No. Really?
- Yeah, he'll be happy to hear from you.
Hillbilly Willy is starting to come on
as he passes Marshal Tito in stride.
Hillbilly Willy is starting
to come on...
Suit! What a pleasant
fucking surprise.
- How you doing, Billy?
I'm awful.
Yeah, well, maybe this
will make you feel better.
"Queens Boulevard" is gonna open
on 1,200 screens.
Willy is closing fast...
- Yes!
Run!
Run, you fucking slag!
Come on!
Hello?
Hillbilly winning by a nose!
- Fuck!
What a finishing kick
on that horse!
Fucking fillies, suit.
Never count on a broad.
Did you hear me, Billy?
1,200 screens.
Yeah, I fuckin' heard ya
and I already
know all about it.
Why do you think I'm out
blowing all my money
on booze and ponies?
I'm depressed as shit.
Depressed?
Billy, this is good news.
No, it ain't, suit.
And it ain't gonna happen either.
I'm slapping those fucks
with an injunction.
I'm gonna make sure
that film never sees the light of day.
Jesus Christ, Billy. He's trying
to kill the release of the movie.
- What? Why?
- Why?
Because I'm not gonna
let those douche bags
Aquaman-ify my movie.
Billy, where are you?
We're gonna come see you.
Meet me at my girl's.
I gotta go home
and tell her I lost
the rent money again.
ARl: It's not true, Shauna!
Tell "Variety" they
can suck my balls,
but clean it up.
You Indian now, Lloyd?
Jesus, you can see this?
This lying is making me break out.
God, and I have a date tonight!
Well, I'm sure your date will pop
that with his pecker, don't worry.
Tell me why you came
in here or get out.
Barbara Miller's on three.
Fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck.
Now get out! Get out! I don't want to
hear your bitch-ass whiny voice again.
Do you understand?
Go go go!
- Hey, Babs, what are you wearin'?
- We need to have lunch, Ari.
The word is out
and it's spreading.
You mean that shit
about you getting lipo?
Don't worry about that.
You know, from what I hear,
Dr. Dessler's like a fucking
Picasso with that knife.
Wake up, Ari.
I'm coming to you as a friend.
People are mobilizing
against you
and you need to know
what's going on.
Now do you want
a Caesar fucking salad or not?
Let me call you back,
Barbara.
Speak, Lloyd.
You're not talking?
Rob Rubino's
in the conference room.
Terrance fucking
fired him?!
I did not say the "F" word.
My... I... we...
I don't have the sk...
the skill set...
I can't understand you through the
whimpering, Rob. Talk to me...
- why did Terrance fire you?
- Well, because he knows.
- What does he know?
- He knows, Ari.
- They saw your name on my call sheet.
- Fuck.
And they escorted me
out of the building.
And then they gave
everybody employment contracts
and they had to sign them
by 5:00 p. m. This afternoon
saying that they wouldn't
work for you.
- What should I do?
- I don't know! I don't know,
but just stop fucking crying
so I can think, okay?
Call Barbara,
tell her I'll go to lunch.
You know, Eddie Burns offered
me "Brothers McMullen. "
True story. But I took
a TV show instead.
Was that when you did
your full-frontal "Red Shoe Diary"?
No, that's when I did
my three-episode arc on "90210,"
sexually harassing
Tori Spelling.
Nice choice.
This can't be the right address.
- Look, there he is.
Walsh, what is this,
your house?
No, I'm house-sitting
for my girl's folks.
They made a fortune off
ginseng and kombucha drinks.
They won't let her see
a dime of it though.
I'm just praying they drop dead before
they raise the estate tax.
- How are you, Vince?
- Good, good, how you doing?
So, what... what happened
to "Queens Boulevard"?
- They butchered her.
- They changed it?
They murdered her.
You wanna see the body?
Take care of yourself.
Hey, you ever coming back?
You kidding?
I am Queens Boulevard.
Insane, ain't it?
Looks more like Willy Wonka's factory
than Queens.
Now you see why I have to do
what I have to do.
How could they ruin
a great movie like that?
They're fucking animals
and they need
to be put to sleep.
Sign the injunction with me and they'll
know we ain't fucking around.
- What do you think, E?
- I think we should call Ari.
One suit, two suit,
three suit, four!
Look, Billy,
I'm with you, all right?
But we have to talk
to somebody first
before we just
sign an injunction.
Can't afford to be pissing off
another studio right now.
- Pussy.
- Asshole.
All right, guys, chill.
Call Ari.
So who's picking up
the tab on this little chow-down?
Relax, Ari, my treat.
Greetings, Ari.
I always knew that
you liked dick, Babs.
I just didn't know
you were a cocksucker.
Please, join us.
It's like a meeting
of the five families.
Maybe I should've had a gun taped up
in the bathroom stall.
Look, all the majors
are here...
CAA, UTA, ICM,
Endeavor, William Morris.
Who the fuck invited APA?
- There it is.
- There's no spots.
Just pull up in the red,
I'll go grab one.
All right.
Cafe latte, $4.50.
Well, actually,
I'm on my 10th purchase,
paid for the last nine,
so you'll be paying
for that, bad boy.
Actually, I won't, 'cause we don't take
those anymore.
What do you mean?
Too many people were
counterfeiting them,
so we stopped.
Well, unfortunately, the only form
of currency I have is that card,
so either you accept that card or you're
gonna have to eat that drink.
I'm not gonna
have to eat anything.
Anybody ordering
a cafe latte?
- Right here.
- Hey, wait, wait, hold on, hold on.
That... that's my drink.
Get me the manager.
Yeah, well, you tell Ari
when you find him
- that he needs to call me back.
I will indeed.
Ari's M.I.A.
- What the fuck is he so busy with?
Press conference is in three hours.
We can't be sitting
- on our asses doing nothing.
- Attaboy, Vince.
Well, fuck Ari!
Fuck this injunction.
- Let's handle this ourselves.
What do you have in mind?
I got Jamie Burke's
number from Lloyd.
Don't waste your minutes. I already
called. They ain't seeing nobody.
Well, if they ever want to do another
movie with Vince, they'll see us.
I like your
newfound balls, suit.
My rapper's signing
a big deal this month,
but I still have time
to handle Vince as well.
Aw, shit.
Excuse me. Can you leave your
number on the windshield?
Yeah.
I'm afraid I'm going
to have to ask you to leave.
And I'm afraid I'm going
to have to say no,
'cause I ain't going anywhere until
I get my free cup of coffee!
Jesus Christ, Drama!
What the fuck?
They discontinued
my free coffee card.
Listen, pal, I'll buy you the lousy
$3 cup of coffee.
You really want to get
involved in this, dickhead?
Drama, Drama,
come on, come on!
You don't need
any more coffee.
You're wired up
enough as it is.
You only got 15 minutes
to get to Ed Burns.
Fuck it.
Fuck all of you!
I'm gonna go
get me a pilot!
But I will be back and you will give me
a free cup of coffee.
Oh, fuck, the car!
Hey! Hey!
Hey, come back here!
Turtle, call a cab!
Come on, Ari, you really think
we haven't been watching you?
I don't know.
Have you been watching me?
Yes, we have.
And we know what you've been up to.
- What have I been to?
Why don't you tell us?
Why should I tell you
if you already know?
All right, come on, this
is getting us nowhere here.
Let me just say this...
I've known you for 20 years.
- Yeah.
- I always knew
that you were a smug little rat
with grand aspirations.
That's why it was such
a shock to me to see you
sitting in that little
boutique agency of yours
for the last nine months.
But I guess...
I've seen this before...
it's all a ruse
in your master plan.
Master plan?
Look, Ari, simply put,
we're here to assure you
that the eight of us
who represent most
of the power in this town
are lined up to say
that if you go near
one of our clients
or one of our agents
or even one of our
highly-prized mailroom boys,
we will all
come down on you
with the wrath
of 10,000 suns.
You know what's
interesting...
about that...
is that you
used the words
"master plan" and "rat"
when talking about me, you
Hitler-loving, anti-Semitic cunt-bag.
ARl: I can only hope,
that 50% of the power
at this table is as offended as I am.
Ari! Is it true?
Come on. Yes or no.
Okay, you got me.
I'm setting up my own shop.
Thank you, thank you.
Ari Gold is back
and gonna be bigger than ever.
But I assure you,
and I swear this
on my children's names,
I have no intention
of going after any of your clients
or your agents.
- Only his.
- Really, Ari?
Really, Terrance.
And with whose money do you
plan on funding all this, Ari?
Yours, you cockney fuck.
You signed the settlement
papers, didn't you?
Yes.
But I didn't sign
any checks and I won't.
Ari, I'll happily spend
$50 million over the next 10 years
to make sure that you
don't even get a dime today.
Call everyone on that list.
Emergency Hamlet session, now!
Ari, Vince and E called twice.
- And they do not seem happy.
- I will call them back, Lloyd.
Did you not fucking hear me? This is not
a drill. This is an emergency!
Well, who's going
to man the phones?
Fuck the phones, Lloyd!
Unless Carmen Electra calls
for an emergency titty-fuck,
don't answer!
82% excellent.
That's pretty good.
It's more than pretty good.
That's "Greek Wedding" good.
And what these
test scores tell us
is that black-and-white
is depressing.
- People want color.
- Why have those eyes
- if people can't see 'em, Vince?
- They might as well be brown.
I didn't make this movie
to show off my eye coloring.
Vince, you not only
look great in the movie,
you are... great
in the movie.
And with this version
we will attract a much broader audience.
And isn't that what making
movies is all about?
Well, actually, I mean,
it's an art film.
The only way you know it's good is if
most people hate it.
I'm sorry, but we
are not in the business
of having people
hate our movies.
Guys, I love your passion,
but trust me, there's nothing
unartistic about making money.
You're driving
like a snail.
- I could run faster than this.
- All right, you know what?
We're here.
Go get 'em.
- I'm 20 minutes late.
- So run!
All right!
Great news.
The Gold Standard Agency
will be starting its expansion
ahead of schedule.
Instead of September 1,
we are going
to be starting today.
Yeah!
Slight problem, though.
None of you will be getting
paid for about six months.
What?
People, come on.
The first year at Google
they paid their staff
with paper clips.
Now the guy that scrubbed the toilets
has got a billion five.
Who's with me?
Come on, anybody?
- I'm with you, Ari.
- Like you've got a fucking choice.
- Anybody else? Who's with me?
- This is bullshit, Ari.
You cannot be serious.
You told us...
we had papers put
in front of us today.
- Come on, everybody, listen.
- I have a choice.
A little bit of patience,
you guys, please.
Come on, you gotta...
Hey, Babs, the Traitorous
Skanks Anonymous meeting's next door.
Let's talk.
I can't believe that you set me up
after all I've done for you...
Ari, I needed
to see your cards.
- You've seen 'em.
- How much do you need?
- What?!
- Come on, I want to be partners.
- Why?
- Because I believe in you.
And because I can't work
with my ex-husband anymore.
No shot, this is my deal.
Ari, you have no money
and I have too much.
- So what do you want?
- To fuck.
Kidding.
I want 60%
and my name on top.
- I'd rather fuck.
- 55.
- 45.
- 51.
49.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I present to you,
Miller-Gold! Huh?
We sound like
a fuckin' beer.
This was the one, Turtle.
I'm officially a loser.
I don't know
about "officially. "
What do you want me
to say, Drama?
You gotta get
the temper under control.
- Yeah.
- You gotta know that.
I do, I do. In fact, I was thinking
about taking that anger management thing
- the judge recommended last year.
- You should.
- Hello?
- Johnny Drama, Eddie Burns.
- Eddie?
Yeah, hey, look...
- Burns?
- I've been trying to get your number
for over an hour, but nobody's picking
up the phone at your agency.
Really?
Yeah, listen, I'm sorry
I had to bail on you today.
I got an emergency
and I'm off to New York.
- So you weren't at your office?
- No.
Christ, I was standing
out there for like an hour.
Well, look, I'm...
I'm real sorry,
but I want to talk to you
about this thing I'm shooting.
Hey, look, Eddie,
I know I can do this.
I know you can
do it too, Drama.
Truth is, I really just
wanted to see you today
to make sure you
hadn't aged too badly.
Aged? Me?
Come on!
I carded at Barney's Beanery
Thursday night.
Okay okay, Drama.
So you'll do this?
Are you offering this to me?
I don't have to audition or nothing?
Drama, you did something for me when
you passed on "Brothers McMullen. "
- I didn't pass.
- Drama, come on.
You passed to do a little arc
on "90210," it's cool.
I ended up having
to put myself in the movie,
changed my whole life.
- Awesome.
- All right, so I'll see you on set.
Okay, thanks.
I just got a pilot.
Yes! Yeah!
Victory!
And anger management?
Fuck anger management.
Well, after seeing
a cut of the film,
we instantly
fell in love with it.
From the moment
the end credits rolled,
it was obvious to me...
- Did you get it, Johnny?
- Yep.
- It's easier than I thought.
- Congratulations, Drama.
Thanks, bro.
- There you are, Vincent.
- Jesus, I thought you abandoned me.
Never. I came
as fast as I could.
They're about
to introduce you.
Right. Look, I love you.
Don't worry, I think
I got this handled.
- You cool with this?
- You gotta do what you gotta do.
What's he gotta do?
Yeah, what's he gotta do?
- You'll see.
- Oh, great.
A great young talent.
Ah, these motherfuckin'
pieces of shit.
I'm gonna fuckin' hit somebody,
there's no fuckin' doubt in my mind.
Go lightly, Billy.
Life is short.
Go fuck your mother, Drama.
- Where you been?
- What, is there a problem?
The house is packed,
our boy is looking great.
You know Barbara, right?
Hey.
See all these cameras?
ARl: Each one represents
a million dollars overseas.
- Cha-ching.
I don't think so, Ari.
Oh yeah?
Why not?
Ladies and gentlemen...
- What? Speak.
...to introduce to you now
the star of "Queens Boulevard,"
Mr. Vincent Chase.
Vinnie!
Thank you.
"Queens Boulevard"
is a masterpiece.
And I'm not
just saying that
because I'm in it
or to sell you.
I'm saying it because
I really truly believe it.
Unfortunately, you'll never see
the film I'm talking about,
because these people
up here, these execs,
ripped out its soul.
Because like all studios
in this town
they don't give a shit about art.
They only care
about one thing... money.
Fuck commerce!
Any questions? Yes.
Great start
to the new company, huh?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org